{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red51\green153\blue102;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\qc \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{
\s4\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel3\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{
\s5\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel4\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \b\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\ql \fi-1980\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel5\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \b\fs24\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \fi-1440\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text 2;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 1;}{\s17\ql \li240\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin240\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 2;}{\s18\ql \li480\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 3;}{\s19\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 4;}{
\s20\ql \li960\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin960\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 5;}{
\s21\ql \li1200\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1200\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 6;}{
\s22\ql \li1440\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 7;}{
\s23\ql \li1680\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1680\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 8;}{
\s24\ql \li1920\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1920\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 9;}{\*\cs25 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs26 \additive \ul\cf12 
\sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}{\s27\ql \fi-2160\li2010\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin2010\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext27 Body Text Indent 2;}{
\s28\ql \li0\ri1020\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin1020\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext28 Body Text;}{
\s29\ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext29 Body Text Indent 3;}{
\s30\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext30 Title;}}{\info{\title Extreme HU}{\author Extreme}{\operator Extreme}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo6\dy6\hr22\min26}{\revtim\yr2001\mo6\dy23\hr16}{\version29}{\edmins431}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1063}{\nofchars6061}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind5\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s30\qc \li0\ri-60\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin-60\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
What is Extreme HU?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs28\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
Extreme HU is the follow on to HU EEPROM Utility.  You can do everything in Extreme HU that you could do in HU EEPROM Utility and now have the ability to perform read and write operations to the card.  Extreme HU also adds the ability to display the data 
off the EERPROM.  Below is a brief description of the controls and displays of Extreme HU}{\cf17 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s5\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel4\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \b\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Simulated ATR}{\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {This displays the \'93possible\'94
 ATR of the card.  Due to the fact that not all ATR information comes form the EEPROM, there is no way to display the actu
al ATR from just the input file.  Therefore some of the bytes are set manually byte the program.  There 10 bytes of the ATR that are checked by this program for validity.  If those bytes are good, then the proper ATR data is displayed in green.  If there 
is an error found, the ATR will be displayed in red.  To view the proper ATR hold you mouse pointer over the ATR display.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf1 For more info on the ATR, click on View then ATR Info from the menu. 
\par }{
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\cf17 {\*\bkmkstart _EEPROM_Info}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc514153575}
{\*\bkmkend _EEPROM_Info}EEPROM {\*\bkmkend _Toc514153575}Info
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\cf17 Card ID:}{\tab This is the cards unique CAM ID number.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 IRD Number:}{\tab This is the IRD that the card is married to.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Fuse Bytes:}{\tab 20DF (not married & not activated)
\par \tab 25DA (married & activated)
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Ratings Limit:}{\tab This shows what ratings the card will allow to be viewed.
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {To change the limit, click on the drop down menu.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {
\par }{\cf17 Guide Byte:}{\tab Current guide byte.  To change this value, simply type in your new guide byte.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Locals Byte:}{\tab Shows the current Locals Byte and allows you to change it.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 USW:}{\tab Shows the Update Status Word of the file.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Time Zone:}{\tab Shows what the current time zone is set to.  To change the  time zone, click on the drop down menu and select the time zone of your choice.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 ZIP Code:}{\tab Shows current ZIP Code.  To change the values simply type in your new zip code.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Password:}{\tab Displays the current password.    0000 = no password.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 XOR Key:}{\tab This is a set of 8 bytes used to decrypt the data locations for the current file.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf2 The bottom of the EEPROM Display will indicate if the current EEPROM 
has Write Protection and Cmd90 Blocking ON or OFF.  Write Protection checks to see if the jump point at 28CB has been change. Cmd90 Blocking checks to see if the jump point at 3830 has been changed.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s5\qc \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel4\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \b\fs28\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Menu Options
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\cf17 File:
\par }{   }{\cf17 Open EEPROM:\tab }{\cf1 Allows you to open an EEPROM file. .bin or .txt
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1980\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\cf17 Save As:\tab }{\cf1 Saves the current EEPROM as .bin or .hex (normal or ASCII Encoded)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 
\par    }{\cf17 Exit:}{\cf1 \tab \tab \tab Exits the program.
\par 
\par }{\b\cf17 View:}{\cf1 
\par    }{\cf17 ATR Info:\tab \tab }{\cf1 Display information about the HU ATR.
\par 
\par    }{\cf17 HU Map:}{\cf1 \tab \tab Displays what I know so far about the EEPROM locations.
\par 
\par    }{\cf17 Tier Info:\tab \tab }{\cf1 Displays the Tiers for the current EEPROM.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1980\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\cf17 EEPROM Dump:\tab }{\cf1 Displays the data for the current EEPROM.  (use the decoded option at the bottom of the screen to view the decoded data)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf17 
\par    Message Window:\tab }{\cf1 Returns you to the message window
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf17 EEPROM:}{\cf17 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1980\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\cf17 Clean EEPROM:}{\cf1 \tab 
Cleans the EEPROM that is loaded.  This is similar to the clean function of HU Eclipse.  If you have a clean.hex file that came with your 3m, it is a good idea to patch that to the EEPROM as well.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Clear Password:}{\tab Does just what is says.}{\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Fix 4}{\cf17\super th}{\cf17  byte:}{\tab This will fix the problem of the 4}{\super th}{ byte of the ATR not being 25 causing the card to give IVAC message.}{\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Clear IRD:}{\tab \tab 
\par      }{\cf17 Unmarry}{:\tab Clears the IRD number
\par      }{\cf17 Set To Virgin:}{\tab Sets the IRD number to virgin state.
\par }{\cf1 
\par }{\cf17 Cmd90 Blocking:}{\cf1 \tab Allows you to turn Cmd90 Blocking On of Off.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Patch Hex File:}{\cf1 \tab This will allow you to patch a 3m or other HU hex file to your EEPROM.  This will patch both normal and ASCII Encoded hex files. You will also be prompted for Fuse and Guide options.
\par }{
\par }{\cf17 Clear Password:}{\tab Does just what is says.
\par }{\cf1 
\par }{\cf17 Save ZKT for H:}{\fs28 \tab }{This is used for dumping the CAM and ZKT data of the HU dump, for use on an H ca
rd.  A file will be created as HUCAMZKT.IMG (or what every u chose to name it). Fire up BasicH32.  Load a bin of your choice, click on the Image Patch Icon, select the }{\cf1 HUCAMZKT}{
.IMG that was created earlier. Now click on the ZKT icon.  If everything worked,
 it should say that the ZKT is valid for cam # xxxxxxxxxxxx.  The x's should be the cam number of the HU EEPROM file.  Save the bin.  You can now load that bin on an H card or use it for a cor file in an emulator setup.
\par }{\cf1 
\par }{\cf17 Store CAM/ZKT:\tab }{\cf1 This will store the current EEPROMs CAM and ZKT to memory for loading on another EEPROM.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Patch CAM/ZKT:\tab }{\cf1 This will patch the stored CAM and ZKT to the current EEPROM
\par 
\par  }{\cf2 Note: you must have an EEPROM file loaded for the EEPROM Menu to be enabled.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf17 CARD:
\par    }{\cf17 Check ATR:\tab }{\cf1 Reads and displays the ATR for the card.
\par }\pard\plain \s6\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel5\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\cf17\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-2340\li2880\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2880\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cf17 Change Area Info:\tab }{\cf1 
Allows you to change Zip Code, Time Zone, and Locals Byte all at once.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1980\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\b\cf17       }{\cf17 Clear Password:\tab }{\cf1 \tab Same as above but writes directly to the card.
\par }{\cf17 
\par       Fix 4}{\cf17\super th}{\cf17  Byte:\tab \tab }{\cf1 Same as above but writes directly to the card.}{\cf17 
\par 
\par       Read USW:\tab }{\cf1 \tab Self Explanatory
\par 
\par }{\cf17       Clear IRD:}{\tab \tab 
\par          }{\cf17 Unmarry}{:\tab \tab Clears the IRD number
\par          }{\cf17 Set To Virgin:}{\tab \tab Sets the IRD number to virgin state.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Cmd90 Blocking:}{\cf1 \tab Allows you to turn Cmd90 Blocking On or Off.
\par }{
\par }{\cf17    Read Card:\tab }{\cf1 Reads the cards EEPROM into memory.
\par 
\par }{\cf17    Write:}{\cf1 \tab Writes the EEPROM or 3m hex file memory to the card.
\par 
\par }{\cf17 Clean Card:}{\cf1 \tab Cleans card directly.  Does not change the USW counter.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf17 Help:}{\cf17 
\par    Program Help:\tab }{\cf1 Opens this window.
\par    }{\cf17 About\tab }{\cf1 Program version info.
\par }{\b\cf1 
\par }\pard \ql \li180\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin180\itap0 {\b\cf1 Change Loader Settings}{\cf1  \endash 
 This button will take you to the Loader Settings Window.  From here you can change com ports and adjust the write delay, change the glitch start point, and attempts at each glitch point.  If you are having problems glitching your card, you ca
n try increasing the glitch attempts.  }{\b\cf1 Changing the write delay should not be necessary in most cases.  
\par 
\par }{\cf1 The write delay is the delay time in milliseconds that the program waits after sending a glitch packet.  The glitching routine is similar to Eclipse a
nd Eclipse uses a delay of 80.  If you have a good loader you should not have any problems with this setting.  80 is now the minimum that the write delay can be set to. In version 1.1 the default displayed was 40 but equated to 80 in the program.  This ve
rsion now reflects the actual time in milliseconds and is set to 85 by default.  }{\b\cf1 Change this value at your own risk!}{\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf1 Stop Glitching Button}{\cf1  \endash  This button is displayed once you start the glitching process.  Press this button if you wish to stop the process}{\b\cf1 . DO NOT pull the card while glitching.
\par 
\par Editing The EEPROM \endash  }{\cf1 You can edit the EEPROM in 16 byte chucks.  To get to the edit window you must have an EEPROM loaded and have \'93View Decoded EEPROM\'94 selected.  Once these conditions are meant, click on an address i
n the far left column of the EEPROM dump.  This will show the Line Edit window.  From here you can edit the data for the selected address.
\par 
\par }{\b\cf1 When to turn off Automatic Encoding/Decoding \endash  }{\cf1 Then only time you would want to turn this option of is when you are 
entering or changing 3m code.  Why?  Most 3m codes are stored in encrypted areas of the EEPROM, however we do not want the 3m data to be encoded.  Turning this option OFF will write the data to the EEPROM with out encoding it.  If you are editing any othe
r data such as, USW, Time Zone, Guide Byte, then DO NOT turn this option off.  It can be a little confusing, just remember that if you not adding or changing any non-standard data, leave this option alone.
\par Automatic Encoding/Decoding will encode/decode the following areas:
\par 
\par }{\b\cf1 I make no guarantees that these address locations are 100% correct.
\par }{\cf1 
\par 2024-24BF
\par 24C8-24CB
\par 24E0-2EDF
\par 2AD3-2EDF
\par 
\par }}